it was one to recover from a professional bumping. So you try to be defecting.
We try very hard. That means you're gonna make the states.
So the first thing is used to seeing top going. Remember? What will
you do? You gotta get back in the saddle. You got to get back up. You
gotta try it yet. You were going to be doing her ship's officers.
You're going to be doing bullshit alongside station keeping. Do not
hit the other ship. What was her shoot? Times that way have available.
Did that especially was underway? Joys. So you've got to rehearse
it in your mother. You've gotta find time to go up on the bridge, Wayne,
or on the flying Bridge. Look down and watch this. Watch someone
do the evolution so you could have it fresh in your mind when your
turn comes to do a kind of exercise. So this thing when you do have
a bump in the road a acknowledge it for training will evaluate the
situation. Do not fight it, not fight that you went last one you shouldn't
want, right? Just acknowledge that you did, for whatever reason,
and corrected the next time corrected in train. Your engineer gotta
do qualify as an engineer. Awesome. Watch. Just do another engineering
drill. Get pounded in here at making part of also. Okay, this
will have to do to get it. That means acknowledging estate getting
up doing it again.